Updated deprecated links in integrate/slash_commands _index.md (#887)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/integrate/slash-commands/_index.md

- Retrieval of data from external third-party services, where the response time may take longer than three seconds.
- Report generation, batch processing or other long-running processes that take longer than three seconds to respond.

> Any requests that are made to the response URL should either be a plain text or JSON-encoded body. The JSON-encoded message supports both [Markdown formatting](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/formatting-text.html#formatting-text) and [message attachments](https://docs.mattermost.com/developer/message-attachments.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any requests that are made to the response URL should either be a plain text or JSON-encoded body. The JSON-encoded message supports both [Markdown formatting](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/formatting-text.html#formatting-text) and [message attachments]({{< ref "admin-message-attachments" >}}).
```

| response\_type | Set to blank or `ephemeral` to reply with a message that only the user can see. <br> Set to `in_channel` to create a regular message.<br> Defaults to `ephemeral`. | No |
| username | Overrides the username the message posts as.<br> Defaults to the username set during webhook creation or the webhook creator's username if the former was not set.<br> Must be enabled [in the configuration](https://docs.mattermost.com/configure/configuration-settings.html#enable-integrations-to-override-usernames). | No |
| channel\_id | Overrides the channel to which the message gets posted.<br> Defaults to the channel in which the command was issued. | No |
| icon\_url | Overrides the profile picture the message posts with.<br> Defaults to the URL set during webhook creation or the webhook creator's profile picture if the former was not set.<br> Must be enabled [in the configuration](https://docs.mattermost.com/configure/configuration-settings.html#enable-integrations-to-override-profile-picture-icons). | No |
| goto\_location | A URL to redirect the user to. Supports many protocols, including `http://`, `https://`, `ftp://`, `ssh://` and `mailto://`.| No |

> | attachments | [Message attachments](https://docs.mattermost.com/developer/message-attachments.html) used for richer formatting options. | If `text` is not set, yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| attachments | [Message attachments]({{< ref "admin-message-attachments" >}}) used for richer formatting options. | If `text` is not set, yes |
```

By default, Mattermost prohibits outgoing connections that resolve to certain common IP ranges, including the loopback (`127.0.0.0/8`) and various private-use subnets.

> During development, you may override this behaviour by setting `ServiceSettings.AllowedUntrustedInternalConnections` to `"127.0.0.0/8"` in your `config.json` or via the System Console's Advanced > Developer page. See the [admin guide's notes](https://docs.mattermost.com/configure/configuration-settings.html#allow-untrusted-internal-connections-to) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During development, you may override this behavior by setting `ServiceSettings.AllowedUntrustedInternalConnections` to `"127.0.0.0/8"` in your `config.json` or via **System Console > Advanced > Developer**. See the [admin guide's notes](https://docs.mattermost.com/configure/configuration-settings.html#allow-untrusted-internal-connections-to) for more details.
```
